Bundled dripping wax whip
Travel all over the world to Korea
This is a new game I just invented
Is the princess interested?
You are dirty, how can this be called dirty?
It's a man's emotion.
What men love most is to conquer women
Especially a woman as beautiful as a toffee
You are shameless
Ouch, since the concubine said so
Then I won't force the concubine
Hey wait
Why doesn't the concubine miss me?
You keep your word
My Son of Heaven has a word
What do you want?
Come on oops
It seems that this concubine is really willing to do it for King Jin
Dedicate yourself to me
Don't talk nonsense here
My woman, whether in body or heart
You have to follow me
One day you will succeed
You go back on your word
I can give Golden Retriever
Whether he can sit still depends on his own ability